Pangu separated heaven and earth.
All things flourished.
Thousands of years ago,
demonic flames sundered the land.
The Demon King of the Sixth Heaven
entered the Human Realm.
He fed on the living to enhance his power,
desiring to become the supreme overlord.
The Celestial Realm sent its
fiercest warrior, the Third Crown Prince,
to subdue the demon.
The ensuing battle was earth-shattering.
The Demon King was driven back to hell.
But the battle
left the Human Realm in ruins.
So the Celestial Realm
prohibited gods and demons
from entering the Human Realm
in their true forms.
Henceforth, any god or demon
who wishes to enter the Human Realm
must use spirit channeling
to circumvent this ban.
However,
very few people in the Human Realm
can forge covenants
with gods and demons
and become supernatural agents.
Among those who do,
some are endowed with immense power
and grave duties.
They are called…
agents from above.
AGENT FROM ABOVE
THE SINNER
DONGFENG MARKET
Excuse me,
do you know…
Stop if you're human.
Enter if you're a ghost.
MASTER HAN CHIEH
409, NO. 56, LN. 114, DONGFENG ST., TAIPEI
409, NO. 56, LN. 114, DONGFENG ST.
-Who is it?
-I'm looking for Han Chieh.
What do you want?
Hi, Master Han. I'm Leafy.
I heard you specialize
in ghost-related issues.
-Sorry, I don't take new clients.
-Hey, wait.
I know you only work
for the Third Crown Prince.
But I have no one else to turn to.
Someone put this under my dad's pillow.
A female ghost enchanted him.
Go away. Don't bother me again.
What's wrong with you? Go home.
What's with your attitude?
Some great master,
more like a scamming lowlife!
I told you to go home, hear me?
-Hey.
-Come on.
What're you doing?
Little girl, how old are you?
I'm 21.
When's your next day off?
I'm not sure.
She's only 21.
Be gentle with her.
Or the heavens might punish you.
I'm off.
I'll come round when I'm free.
Stupid bird. What now?
I've got so many tasks.
And you won't let me smoke.
Give me a break.
Thank you.
Master Han.
My mom's
been seeing a feng shui master.
He knows we've got money,
and is using this to hurt my dad.
It's fake.
It's real.
I've seen it more than once.
WUMENG OCCULTIST…
Says he's a master
of the Wumeng Maoshan Technique.
Wumeng Maoshan?
HO CHUN-LAI
SOLE HEIR OF WUMENG MAOSHAN TRADITION
DISCIPLE OF MASTER CHEN CHI-SHA
WUMENG OCCULTIST USES
FEMALE GHOSTS TO TARGET FAMILY
SOLE HEIR OF WUMENG MAOSHAN TRADITION
-You should've shown me sooner.
-You know him?
No, not him.
MASTER CHEN CHI-SHA
But his master, Chen Chi-sha,
is pretty famous.
Seems your family's in trouble.
I've just gotten orders from above.
From the Third Crown Prince?
I'll take a look tomorrow.
Thank you, Master Han.
Don't call me "Master".
I said I'd take a look,
not take the job.
Yes, Mr. Han.
What was all that outside just now?
Some asshole had relationship troubles
here a few years back.
He started a fire to end it all.
But the asshole survived.
The residents here weren't so lucky.
As they died unjustly,
most of them became earthbound spirits
and got stuck here.
Every night after 11 p.m.,
they get real spooked out.
They think he'll come back
and set fire to the place again.
Like you saw earlier.
Get it?
Mr. Han, what was that for?
Opening your third eye
so you don't spook my neighbors.
They're your neighbors?
It's fine, nothing to be afraid of.
Sorry to disturb you.
TAIPEI CITY POLICE DEPARTMENT
CENTRAL DISTRICT PRECINCT
I can't,
she's in tears just talking about it.
Sir, don't wire the money yet.
Do nothing at the bank.
Let the police handle it
when they arrive.
But what if
my overseas girlfriend dumps me?
Damn it. I'm not a god, how should I know?
She told you to ignore the police.
Only scammers say that, sir.
-What we have is true love.
-Sir.
Sir. Hey, sir.
Goddammit, he won't listen.
Restroom Peeping Tom.
No one shows up on the security cam.
Have Han Chieh look into it.
See if it's a ghost.
No filthy spirits escape my spirit vision.
As if.
You were just born
with the ability to see them.
You're on this case to make you useful.
Don't worry, Chao. Leave this to me.
If I can handle these old-timers,
what's a few ghosts?
The first time I saw her,
she was standing there.
The second time,
MY JAPAN TRIP
I'LL BE BACK WHEN I'M BETTER
LEAFY, YOU CAN DO IT!
GET WELL SOON
BEI KANG UNITED HOSPITAL, YEH CHIH-LING
Hey. Not in here.
Are you okay?
I'm fine. It's just leukemia.
Look. Pretty cool, right?
Yeah.
I found the red envelope here.
Look, another one.
I don't smell anything. It's a fake.
That's not possible. I know I saw her.
If there really was a ghost,
I'd be able to see her and smell her.
But I don't smell a thing
on this red envelope.
Maybe you imagined it?
In here, Master Ho.
Sorry for troubling you again.
Here, this way.
Chih-ling.
You have company?
-Yes.
-Hello.
He studies film at college too.
I asked Master Ho
to check how you're doing today.
Have a seat. I'll get some fruit.
Give me a hand.
Please sit.
So, Master Ho,
you're an expert on feng shui
and sick girls.
I came to read her palms
to see how she can avoid her doom.
Avoid doom?
By putting this here?
How's Chen Chi-sha?
Master Chen retired years ago.
He spends his time in the sun
enjoying life.
This red envelope
helps thwart extramarital affairs,
so Mrs. Yeh can save her marriage.
I know all about
the Wumeng Maoshan Technique.
So I'm warning you not to harm them.
Young man.
They pay me to alleviate their woes.
Why would I wish them harm?
WUMENG OCCULTIST USES
FEMALE GHOSTS TO TARGET FAMILY
GHOST HAUNTS LADIES' ROOM
Han Chieh, I don't trust that guy.
Why are you here again?
Shouldn't you be at home resting?
I told my mom we're making a movie.
She actually agreed to let me out.
Find someone else to hang out with.
I'm busy.
Doing what?
Did you get new instructions?
Can I tag along?
My house is still haunted.
Really gonna just ditch me like this?
That'd make me sad.
I'll start crying and make a scene.
People will think we're a couple fighting.
A new friend?
Won't you introduce us?
Not like that.
She's a client. We're not close.
Hi, we're friends.
Chieh is my neighbor.
His friend is my friend.
-What'll it be?
-The usual, pork rice bowl.
One more.
Okay.
And she is…
Hey, that's messed up. Is she even 18?
My house is haunted.
I asked him for help.
What a coincidence.
I need his help too.
Eaten yet?
Not yet.
So you'd better not ruin my appetite.
Look at a case for me.
Why should I?
'Cause you're a model citizen
helping the cops.
-Do I look like a model citizen?
-Yeah.
A really handsome one.
I'll treat you to bubble tea.
Thanks, uncle officer.
Uncle?
I mean, officer.
Sister Lo, three bubble teas!
-A Peeping Tom?
-Yeah.
Four reports this month of a pervert
harassing girls at an internet cafe.
There is nobody in the footage.
It has to be a ghost.
-So you came to see me?
-Yeah.
GHOST HAUNTS LADIES' ROOM
I've got instructions from above.
I'm on it.
-I'll go too.
-No.
Your masculinity
will scare the ghost off.
-Then I'll go.
-No way.
You're too young.
You can come.
Hey! Show some respect.
How can you watch that stuff
in front of me?
It's not for you.
It's for the Peeping Tom.
Seeing a girl watching porn
might lure him out.
What kind of dumbass move is that?
You'd better earn your keep.
Turn on all the computers.
We'll bait the pervert.
Han Chieh.
Why'd you become
the Third Crown Prince's agent?
Hey, you already know about my wig.
You should open up to me too.
For my family.
Family?
Where are they?
In hell.
When I was young, I made a huge mistake
and got them killed.
So I decided to kill myself.
Hey.
Think jumping off some building
and dying would fix everything?
Kid.
You got my aide killed.
How are you going to repay me?
I…
Who was your assistant?
Your dad.
Your dad was my assistant.
So what's it going to be?
My dad?
I…
Take my life instead.
Okay?
Your lousy life
is even lousier than the rag
your dad cleaned the table with.
Take your life? It's not that simple.
Dad!
Mom!
This is what you humans call hell.
Your parents didn't raise you properly.
So they'll be punished in your place
until you atone for their sins.
It was my mistake.
Let them out.
Take me instead. Take me.
That's not going to happen.
But we can negotiate terms.
Make life a bit easier for them in there.
Okay.
I'll do anything you want. Anything.
I'll do anything you want.
Who exactly are you?
You've forgotten me?
I'm that handsome guy you've worshiped
since you were a kid.
Third Crown Prince.
Is it really you?
Kid, you got your dad killed.
Starting today, you must repay his debt.
Prepare yourself.
This debt… is heavy as hell.
FIRE-TIPPED SPEAR
QIANKUN HOOP
RED ARMILLARY SASH
NINE DRAGONS DIVINE FIRE BARRIER
QIANKUN HOOP
He said that
after I use up these milk caps,
my debt would be cleared
and my parents reincarnated.
Three thousand and six hundred of them.
It's been over a decade.
It'll all be over soon.
So you talk to the Third Crown Prince
through that bird?
And beat up whoever he tells you to?
Pretty much.
Like religious con-men
or malevolent ghosts.
Happy now?
Go turn on the computers.
Okay.
So you beat up people too?
I thought you only beat up ghosts.
You get good and bad people.
It's the same with ghosts.
Either way, I reason with them if I can.
If not…
I kick their asses.
I thought the gods
would try to spread love.
The Third Crown Prince
gave me these to fight with,
not to spread love.
Stop right there.
I don't want to use a milk cap on you.
What?
Playing dumb with me?
I'm talking to you.
I'm listening.
You can see me?
Fuck, my glasses.
Wait up. I'm not done yet.
Hang on!
You made me do this.
Wang Hsiao-ming Third Gear.
Take this.
No!
Han Chieh!
Give me a sec.
Turn it back on.
I'm sorry.
Wang Hsiao-ming, right?
Who are you?
Why'd you hit me?
What'd I ever do to you?
You didn't do anything to me,
but you spy on women in the bathroom
and scare them.
You're such a pervert.
Just going to the toilet
will creep me out now.
Right. I am a pervert.
What else are perverts supposed to do?
Help old ladies cross the street?
I don't care what you are.
I'm here to catch you.
You have two choices.
One, behave yourself until
the spirit warden comes for you.
Two, I beat you
until your soul dissipates.
I died 'cause life was pointless.
Now death's pointless too.
I can't do anything.
Fine. Come on.
Come on, make it fast.
Hit me. Let my soul dissipate.
Hit me.
Come on, hit me.
I can take it--
Wait!
Wait a sec.
Hey, I'm sorry.
But isn't there a quicker way?
If I use a milk cap, it will hurt me more.
Just suck it up.
Wait a sec!
Okay, stop hitting me.
I'll do whatever you say.
Hey, no!
Han Chieh!
He said he'll do whatever you say.
Where will I go if I can't stay here?
Not my problem.
Stay out of other people's way
and wait for the spirit warden.
-For how long?
-How would I know?
Could be a few days. Or a few years.
You want me to stay
hidden away in darkness for years?
I wanna go online.
I wanna watch porn. I wanna watch anime.
I wanna play games.
I even missed out
on that billion game-coin giveaway!
One billion. One billion. Fuck.
Sounds like life was pretty good.
Why kill yourself?
Because Hsiao-jou turned me down.
I took it hard and…
You're a ghost now.
Why not date lady ghosts?
They're only into handsome ghosts.
I'll introduce one to you.
Hey, don't be stupid.
I can get her away from my dad
and set her up with him.
Everyone wins that way.
Is she… hot?
Yeah. And a stunning figure.
That's enough. Time to go home.
I don't want to go home.
I'm going to follow my dad
and take care of that ghost.
I told you.
That red envelope is fake.
Hsiao-ming, come with me.
-I'll take you to see her.
-Count me in.
Hey, think you could pull me out?
I'm kinda stuck right now.
And what about my mission?
He can stay if he has to.
I can do this on my own.
Hey.
Yo, is that your girl?
She even over 18?
No. Don't!
Come here.
Listen, Han Chieh's a decent guy.
No need to be so scared of him.
If you were more manly like him,
maybe girls would like you too.
Han Chieh, can I ask you something?
Any tips for hitting on girls?
Why would a ghost need tips?
Just stay out of trouble.
Hey, there's my dad.
And? How about that ghost chick?
It's just an ordinary woman.
We're done here. Let's go.
No. I need to ask my dad about this.
Calm down. This is between your parents.
What can you do?
I have to see what she looks like.
Hey, the red wine's here.
-I ordered two bottles today.
-Okay.
You two need to talk. I'd better be going.
Look, another one.
Han Chieh… why are they following her?
Leafy got it wrong.
Her mom put the envelope there,
but her dad's not the target.
This woman is.
But those two envelopes didn't smell.
This must be a real pro.
What smell? What's this smell?
What's Ho Chun-lai got you doing?
I can set you free.
Chen Chi-sha always used to--
Come out!